README.md, before:

# destroy

[![NPM version][npm-image]][npm-url]
[![Build Status][github-actions-ci-image]][github-actions-ci-url]
[![Test coverage][coveralls-image]][coveralls-url]
[![License][license-image]][license-url]
[![Downloads][downloads-image]][downloads-url]

Destroy a stream.

This module is meant to ensure a stream gets destroyed, handling different APIs
and Node.js bugs.

## API

```js
var destroy = require('destroy')
```

### destroy(stream [, suppress])

Destroy the given stream, and optionally suppress any future `error` events.

In most cases, this is identical to a simple `stream.destroy()` call. The rules
are as follows for a given stream:

  1. If the `stream` is an instance of `ReadStream`, then call `stream.destroy()`
     and add a listener to the `open` event to call `stream.close()` if it is
     fired. This is for a Node.js bug that will leak a file descriptor if
     `.destroy()` is called before `open`.
  2. If the `stream` is an instance of a zlib stream, then call `stream.destroy()`
     and close the underlying zlib handle if open, otherwise call `stream.close()`.
     This is for consistency across Node.js versions and a Node.js bug that will
     leak a native zlib handle.
  3. If the `stream` is not an instance of `Stream`, then nothing happens.
  4. If the `stream` has a `.destroy()` method, then call it.

The function returns the `stream` passed in as the argument.

## Example

```js
var destroy = require('destroy')

var fs = require('fs')
var stream = fs.createReadStream('package.json')

// ... and later
destroy(stream)
```

[npm-image]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/destroy.svg?style=flat-square
[npm-url]: https://npmjs.org/package/destroy
[github-tag]: http://img.shields.io/github/tag/stream-utils/destroy.svg?style=flat-square
[github-url]: https://github.com/stream-utils/destroy/tags
[coveralls-image]: https://img.shields.io/coveralls/stream-utils/destroy.svg?style=flat-square
[coveralls-url]: https://coveralls.io/r/stream-utils/destroy?branch=master
[license-image]: http://img.shields.io/npm/l/destroy.svg?style=flat-square
[license-url]: LICENSE.md
[downloads-image]: http://img.shields.io/npm/dm/destroy.svg?style=flat-square
[downloads-url]: https://npmjs.org/package/destroy
[github-actions-ci-image]: https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/stream-utils/destroy/ci/master?label=ci&style=flat-square
[github-actions-ci-url]: https://github.com/stream-utils/destroy/actions/workflows/ci.yml

Commit message:

modify origin package so Koa can running in react-native

README.md, after:

# destroy

a modified version of destroy module for running in react-native envs

Destroy a stream.

This module is meant to ensure a stream gets destroyed, handling different APIs
and Node.js bugs.

## API

```js
var destroy = require('destroy')
```

### destroy(stream [, suppress])

Destroy the given stream, and optionally suppress any future `error` events.

In most cases, this is identical to a simple `stream.destroy()` call. The rules
are as follows for a given stream:

  1. If the `stream` is an instance of `ReadStream`, then call `stream.destroy()`
     and add a listener to the `open` event to call `stream.close()` if it is
     fired. This is for a Node.js bug that will leak a file descriptor if
     `.destroy()` is called before `open`.
  2. If the `stream` is an instance of a zlib stream, then call `stream.destroy()`
     and close the underlying zlib handle if open, otherwise call `stream.close()`.
     This is for consistency across Node.js versions and a Node.js bug that will
     leak a native zlib handle.
  3. If the `stream` is not an instance of `Stream`, then nothing happens.
  4. If the `stream` has a `.destroy()` method, then call it.

The function returns the `stream` passed in as the argument.

## Example

```js
var destroy = require('destroy')

var fs = require('fs')
var stream = fs.createReadStream('package.json')

// ... and later
destroy(stream)
```
